# tinyssb 2024_11_10

agenda
- [x] check-in
- [x] actions from last time
- [x] updates quick share on what people been doing
- [x] code-of-conduct
- [x] activiting + enabling contributions

---

## Actions from last time

src: https://github.com/tiny-ssb/meetings/blob/main/2024_10_27.md

- Nanomonkey
  - [ ] coordinate first Open Collective payment
  - [ ] review : https://github.com/tiny-ssb/tiny-shed-design/pull/2

- Mix
  - [ ] fund [Gitcoin grant](https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/42161/608/115)
      - did not do this, but did share about the grant to socials
  - [x] get Wise setup updated with OC (due to new KYC)
  - [x] gonna research CoC

- CFT - did none of the following:
  - [ ] pull in past user flow work
  - [ ] review : https://github.com/tiny-ssb/tiny-shed-design/pull/2
  - [ ] report notes on https://qiqochat.com/  (schedule app used by IIW#39)
 
- Nico
  - [ ] Gitcoin marketing!


## Updates

CFT
- update from Wendy about how scheduling has worked at Dweb.
    - IA will help with an interview, two persons: Ese Ojo, ese@archive.org, lives in Vancouver, and Wendy Hanamura, wendy@archive.org. _"Please let me know if we can help in any way"_
    - question: who would like to be part of a call with Dweb?
        - probably not on the weekend
- update on what CFT's students have been working on
    1. working on fine-grained trust user interface
        - help make distinction between "untrusted" contacts (e.g. opportunistic, via BLE, forgotten after 24 hours) and "trusted" contacts (manually promised), and "verified" contacts (scanned a QR code from other device)
    2. how to have background sync of TinySSB
        - a minefield in Android (12-16 hours in, still going)
            - Android calls it a "foreground" service!
        - this is in charge of also dropping untrusted contacts
    - Mix: are you interested in bridging the Academic + Open Source worlds?
        - CFT: yes, these are somewhat orthogonal, though complementary, some needed foundations for future tinySched. I'm also trying to keep things simple for the students
        - Mix: I'm mainly keen to support sharing learning, opening opportunities for future collaboration
        - CFT: I've told the students about tiny-sched, and the IIW demo


Mix
- CoC is more than just a document, we need to grok + agree to act on it
    - https://scuttlebutt.nz/docs/code-of-conduct/
        - adapted from https://www.contributor-covenant.org/ (v1.4)
        - there is a newer version v2.1
        - CFT: It would be good to clarify what "project maintainers" means
            - Mix: I would name maintainers at the "org" level
            - Mix: how about we make it the owners of tiny-ssb github org?
    - at minimum we need to agree a point of contact for any breaches/ problems
        - Mix
        - Christian thinks we should have 2, he's happy to put his name (he will get all complains about Mix)
     
        
- small chats with Nano about what to work on


## Tiny-Shed-Design repo

sections we imagine:
- user_flows
- interviews
- wire_frames
- prototypes / experiments?

mix:
cft: we want to show
    - what is authoritative
    - what is experimental
    
``` 
/user_flows/
/wire_frames/
/auxillary/
  - interviews/
  - prototypes/
```

Mix + CFT agree "good enough", we can iterate as we go


## activiting + enabling contributions

Mix: wondering if it's stragic to get Nanomonkey working on Documentation
CFT: I think nano is really interested in working on the AP (access point)
    - T-beam based AP
    - has web server
    - this could lead to better documentation, to be the driving force
Mix: what's the best way to ask questions?
CFT: we I need to get a stable setup again. My libraries are in an unstable state again. The toolchain needs more stability. I see the projects people work on are importing whole libraries, freeze them by that.
Mix: oh is this that thing where I started working on a way to tightly specify / lock down the versions of libraries that were working?
    - CFT: yes
    
CFT: would love to have it working again, show LoRa devices (T-Deck, T-Watch)

CFT: I'd like to be able to support multiple replication speeds
    - LoRA is slow
    - BLE could be faster

Mix: where do we document + discuss?
    - CFT: ideal for me would be find some time for me to solo on this, then on a Saturday we sync on a call.
    - Mix: have you used GitHub issues much?
    - CFT: yes, let's revisit this when we're stable again.
    - Mix: so nanomonkey is blocked waiting for you to stabilise?
    - CFT: he could still start on documenting some parts, but running code would be a good driving force.
   

## Actions

Mix
- [ ] check time of next meeting with people
- [ ] make PR with CoC which is a fork of SSB's
  - [ ] put in each repo?
  - [ ] use Mix + Christians emails
      - mix@protozoa.nz
      - christian.tschudin@unibas.ch
- [ ] change https://github.com/tiny-ssb/tiny-shed-design/pull/1
    - to merge into `user_flows/admin.md` ...
    
CFT
- [ ] review + merge: https://github.com/tiny-ssb/tiny-shed-design/pull/2
- [ ] pull in past user flow work
- [ ] report notes on https://qiqochat.com/  (schedule app used by IIW#39)
- [ ] progress Dweb interview

